{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue255;\red51\green143\blue31;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green128\blue0;\red252\green28\blue83;\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green128\blue64;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c50196\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c20163\c55921\c12203;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c100000\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c50196\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c22263\c39958;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c100000;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c50196\c25098;\csgenericrgb\c50196\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c50196\c0\c100000;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \{!mediafile mia.01.mini.mov\}\{!name \'93mia.01.rtf\'94\}\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Session 01\
ID 51\
Control\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
P: \cf2 \{obstacle>unfamiliar_commands\}\{/obstacle>unfamiliar_commands\}\cf3 \{att>unsure\}\cf0 add \cf3 \{/att>unsure\}\cf4 \{misheard\}\cf0 Master (math group)\cf4 \{/misheard\}\cf0  \cf3 \{att>intial_command_long\}\cf0 meeting on Wednesday from 6 to 7 p.m. at Saxbys Cafe\cf3 \{/att>intial_command_long\}\cf0 \
\
DC: What day and time should I create this event?\
\
P: \cf5 \{tactic>hyperarticulation\}\cf0 Wednesday from 6 to 7 p.m.\cf5 \{/tactic>hyperarticulation\}\cf0 \
\
DC: Is that all?\
\
P: \cf5 \{tactic>simplification\}\{/tactic>simplification\}\{tactic>hyperarticulation\}\{/tactic>hyperarticulation\}\cf3 \{att>human_convo\}\cf0 it's located at Saxbys Cafe\cf3 \{/att>human_convo\}\cf0 \
\
DC: Ready to set the location. Is that all?\
\
P: \cf5 \{tactic>hyperarticulation\}\{/tactic>hyperarticulation\}\cf0 yes\
\
DC: Ok. Success. Calendar updated.\
\
\
\
**SECOND**\
\
\
\
P: \cf6 \{impact>hyperarticulation\}\{/impact>hyperarticulation\}\{impact>simplification\}\{/impact>simplification\}\cf0 create an event on Thursday from 1 to 2 p.m.\
DC: What is the title of this event?\
\
P: US History test\
\
DC: Is that all?\
\
P: yes\
\
DC: Ok. Success. Calendar updated.\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \{speak_outloud\}\cf0 P: It\'92s study session, oh, ok. I didn\'92t read it correctly.\
\
I: Are you okay with this result? \
\
P: Actually, let me edit it. I can see I can edit it. \cf7 \{/speak_outloud\}\cf8 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
P: \cf2 \{obstacle>unfamiliar_commands\}\cf0 edit event on \cf3 \{att>unsure\}\{/att>unsure\}\cf0 Thursday\cf2 \{/obstacle>unfamiliar_commands\}\cf0 \
\
DC: Sorry but there is no event titled, \'93on thursday.\'94 Please try- \cf9 \{cutoff\}\{/cutoff\}\
\cf0 \
P: edit event \cf4 \{misheard\}\cf0 hit\cf4 \{/misheard\}\cf0  US History test\
\
DC: Sorry but there is no event titled, \'93hit - \cf9 \{cutoff\}\{/cutoff\}\cf0 \
\
P: \cf5 \{tactic>hyperarticulation\}\{/tactic>hyperarticulation\}\cf0 edit event US History test\
\
DC: What would you like to modify for this event?\
\
P: \cf5 \{tactic>simplification\}\{/tactic>simplification\}\{tactic>hyperarticulation\}\{/tactic>hyperarticulation\}\cf0 title\
\
DC: What should be the title of this event?\
\
P: study session for US History test\
\
DC: Ready to update the title of this event. Is that all?\
\
P: yes\
\
DC: Ok. Success. Calendar updated.\
\
\
**THIRD**\
\
\
P: modify \cf2 \{obstacle>NLP_error\}\cf0 Nat root (math group)\cf2 \{/obstacle>NLP_error\} \cf0 meeting\
\
DC: \cf10 \{day01_task01_titled_ignored\}\{/day01_task01_titled_ignored\}\cf0 Sorry but there is no event titled, \'93Nat root meeting.\'94 Please try again.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf11 \{memo\}\cf0 **MEMO: When is it clear that the vui misheard, hyperarticulation first response. Maybe only even if there were multiple errors**\cf11 \{/memo\}\cf0 \
\
P: \cf5 \{tactic>hyperarticulation\}\{/tactic>hyperarticulation\}\cf0 modify \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \{obstacle>NLP_error\}\cf0 math (group)\cf2 \{/obstacle>NLP_error\}\cf0  meeting\
\
DC: Sorry but there is no event titled, \'93math meeting.\'94 Please try again.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \{speak_outloud\}\cf0 P: Oh, I see.\cf7 \{/speak_outloud\}\cf5 \{tactic>rely_on_gui\}\{/tactic>rely_on_gui\}\cf0 \
\
P: modifry (modify) Master meeting\
\
DC: Sorry, can you tell me again?\
\
P: \cf2 \{obstacle>feedback\}\cf0 modify Master meeting on Wednesday\cf2 \{/obstacle>feedback\}\cf0 \
\
DC: Sorry but there is no event titled, \'93modify Master meeting on Wednesday.\'94 Please try again.\
\
P: \cf5 \{tactic>rely_on_gui\}\cf0 modify Master meeting on Wednesday\cf5 \{/tactic>rely_on_gui\}\cf0 \
\
DC: Sorry but there is no event titled, \'93modify Master meeting on Wednesday.\'94 Please try again.\
\
\cf7 \{speak_outloud\}\cf0 P: Ok, I have seem to broken it. Ok.\cf7 \{/speak_outloud\}\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \{tactic>hyperarticulation\}\cf0 P: edit Master meeting on Wednesday\cf5 \{/tactic>hyperarticulation\}\cf0 \
\
DC: Sorry but there is no\cf9 \{cutoff\}\{/cutoff\}\cf0 \
\
P: \cf5 \{tactic>use_more_info\}\cf0 modify event Master meeting on Wednesday\cf5 \{/tactic>use_more_info\}\cf0 \
\
DC: Sorry but there is no event titled, \'93modify Master meeting on Wednesday.\'94 Please try again.\
\
\cf3 \{att>blame_self\}\cf0 P: I\'92m sorry but I think I broke it by accident. Because I made the event titled weird by accident I can\'92t acces it.\cf3 \{/att>blame_self\}\cf12 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
I: What I can tell you is the the event titles do get cropped off.\
\
P: Oh, so it is probably called something extra.\
\
I: What would you do in this instance if you couldn\'92t delete that event. \
\
P: I would probably, if there is not way to edit manually, I would probably be a little annoyed. I would just rather just, I like the ease, but if I can\'92t locate the event, because I didn\'92t realize I changed the name to something weird, it would be a little frustrating.\
\
I: Now would you like to do anything further with this? Or would you like to move on to the next one? \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \{tactic>quit\}\cf0 P: I would like to move on to the next one.\cf5 \{/tactic>quit\}\
\
\
**FOURTH**\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
P: \cf6 \{impact>hyperarticulation\}\cf0 create event weekly workout\cf6 \{/impact>hyperarticulation\}\{impact>simplification\}\{/impact>simplification\}\cf0 \
\
DC: What day and time should I create this event?\
\
P: \cf6 \{impact>simplification\}\cf0 Monday at 9 to 10 a.m.\cf6 \{/impact>simplification\}\cf0 \
\
DC: Is that all?\
\
P: yes\
\
DC: Ok. Success. Calendar updated.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\
\
}